var images = ["1.jpg", "2.jpg", "3.jpg", "4.JPG", "5.jpg", "6.jpg"]; //your urls
 var Captions = ["Car Wars 1: The Car Menance", "Car Wars 2: Attack of the Car", "Car Wars 3: Revenge of the Car", "Car Wars 4: A New Car", "Car Wars 5: The Car Strikes Back", "Car Wars 6: Return of the Car"];
 var Description = ["The Car Federation upsets order in the Galactic Car Republic by blockading the Yes Cerritos Auto Square in preparation" 
                        + " for a full-scale invasion. The Republic's leader, Supreme Carcellor Valoroom, dispatches Cardi Master Qui-Car Jinn, and his" 
          			    + " apprentice, Obi-Wan Carobi, to negotiate with the Car Federation Carroy, Nute Carray. Darth Sidious, a Car Lord and the" 
						+ " Car Federation's secret benefactor, orders the Carroy to kill the Cardi and begin their invasion with an army of battle cars.", 
                          "Ten years after the Car Federation's invasion of Yes Cerritos Auto Square, the Galactic Car Republic is threatened by the" 
						+ " Separatist movement organized by former Cardi Master Counting Cars. Senator Padmé Amicarla comes to Caruscant to vote on a motion" 
						+ " to create a car army to assist the Cardi against this threat. Narrowly avoiding an assassination attempt upon arrival, she is placed"
						+ " under the protection of Cardi Master Obi-Wan Carobi and his apprentice, Anakin Carwalker.",
						  "Three years after the Battle of Honda, the industry is in a state of civil war. During a battle over I-15, Cardi master" 
						+ " Obi-Wan Carobi and Cardi Knight Anakin Carwalker lead a mission to rescue the kidnapped Supreme Carncellor Palpatine from the"
						+ " cyborg Separatist carmmander, General Grievous. After infiltrating Grievous's car, the Invisible Hand, the Cardi battle Counting Car"
						+ " , whom Anakin eventually executes at Palpatine's urging.", 
						  "The industry is in the midst of a civil war. Car spies have stolen plans to the Galactic Car Empire's Death Star, a colossal car factory"
						+ " capable of destroying an entire car company. Princess Leia, one of the Car's leaders, has the plans, but her car is captured by Imperial cars"
						+ " under the command of the ruthless Darth Carder. Before she is captured, Leia hides the plans in the memory of an astrocar droid, R2-D2, along"
						+ " with a holographic recording. R2-D2 flees in an escape car to the desert road Route 66 with C-3PO, a protocar droid.",
						  "Three years after the destruction of the Death Star, the Car Alliance has been driven from their former base on Carvin IV by the Galactic Car "
						+ " Empire. The cars, led by Princess Leia, have set up a new base on the ice factory Anartica. The Imperial fleet, led by Darth Carder, continues"
						+ " to hunt for the Car's new base by dispatching probe cars across the galaxy. Luke Carwalker is captured by a wampa while investigating one such car,"
						+ " but he manages to escape from the wampa's car with his carsaber.", 
						  "Luke Carwalker initiates a plan to rescue Han Carolo from the crime lord Jabba the Car with the help of Princess Leia, Lando Carlrissian, Chewbaccar,"
						+ " C-3PO, and R2-D2. Leia infiltrates Jabba's monster truck on Route 66, disguised as a car hunter, with Chewbaccar as her prisoner. Leia releases Han"
						+ " from his carbonite maintenance, but she is captured and enslaved."];